If you closely look at the record we already created, well, I mentioned this.
So let me do one thing and important when you follow the model known as Java Security, you can meet.
Optimized in boats, so as using eggs, there is no need to import that libraries again and again,
so let me mention here.
Importing Lebanese and importing the Lebanese, so I created a one glass to create a symmetric key firmly
plus symmetry in this glass what I'm mentioning oh, I mentioned my I find string as east, which is
steady and welcoming as a algorithm, then function to create one key.
I mentioned functional written, maybe.
Also, it's commonly known as mental function in Java to exhibition.
Then it throws the exhibition.
If there is an exception to good and it's the random thing you will generation Wolski 256 with six random.
Which is basically an enemy that is going to done with the key now before this, what I call an implementation
driver.
But our goal is basically nothing no mean all that work for the nation.
So let me be at ESPN, but we straightforwardly.
He is to mean Mr. Declaracion, again, it's true, those exception.
If there is an exception for the exception point.
Now what I'm going to mention, I'm going to ask, it's semantic, so it's very easy.
Security.
Makes could produce security, which seems pretty good.
We reached symmetric and symmetric.
I want to mention it semantically is equal to what is it similar to create a U.S.?
Yes.
So it will create a whiskey for me.
No one is going to mention is really simple system, not a rental.
Oh yeah.
So it's a bit output for.
So this is my concern.
And let me tell you one thing grenades and dysfunction.
So my function properly, yes.
So it will be symmetric key for me.
Oh, then.
System not here.
In Smith Creek.
Let's.
Sumit.
OK, so I will change gears a little bit later, but now listen, I create a class which is using a
ski algorithm for these purposes, which is going to change this everything.
So now let me run this using you can go to this also our control chief on so that I'm going with disturbing
going to today.
It's currently building in the building.
Thank you.
It's to being.
It will take time to read everything.
So it's raining dogs new encryption.
And when this is done, you can do this job.
So this thing is no, but.
Wait a minute.
This is incorrect.
No, it's printing them directly.
It's not encoded, so I need to encode it when you to encode in what is just basically creating in the
ciphertext.
So this is not at all Eydie Gorme.
You just keep specifying, I need to mention here.
More important thing to include.
So the narrative converter.
So let me in all this.
What I need big data I've converted.
Do 30.
He converted.
So wait a minute.
There is a you can to this Google if parking data ain't going to work.
Get a converted dog.
And you mentioned some green.
Picks exactly what I needed to inform by binary.
So I will.
Look at this, but you don't ignore the Minority Report.
Oh, wait a minute, I need to use or import.
He's also pain, so there may be no error.
So if you're.
Oh.
Taking it, I will with all this, it's so easy.
It would.
So it's a similar scene, muscle union who.
Object with this javelin.
So if you're facing this it, it will be this bar.
It will impose.
It will download Java that file for you.
It will end domestically, and it's that part.
So wait for something to know, look, this way we record this, I will tell you, because that's a
simple thing I created, but I need to mention symmetric yields, so.
It's very easy to enjoy.
Which is only one dimension.
And.
That is so.
So.
It is adding their dependencies, but.
Sometimes there may be error in this or.
Better to go get my independence.
It will.
Directly add the dependencies.
We need Joe Biden, just basically so you meet.
Directly download such dependencies on the internet, which are available.
So.
What I'm lonely, you need one job simile by independency to create that team, so.
I'm OK, I'm having that dependency.
So what I'm going to do, I'm just going to mention John Fahey here.
So let me.
I had two injured who can directly directly add Judd here also.
Heroes, all else would fail.
Project structure.
Let me go to these projects, Doctor, if you can see these were two lavatories.
Nothing is I like this, things are dead already.
I need to mention Java.
So it will directly to this, so let me go to where I stole that part.
What's your like?
It will apply this again.
Click.
So you can check these dependencies every day, which is basically my job if I use Masuda, so I didn't
I did my job clean and now it's going to be Hakes binary and get in.
So let us run this again.
It's currently being.
So wait for something to build this, so might be required to create or generate this heat before developing
actual, and we're going to be able to do the right equipment, we required this.
Cuba's D-Generation is very important for us without getting arrested, and you cannot do anything.
So now this is Mike.
So let me do one thing if you can see this is Mikey.
You can copy this guy.
OK.
Now why I used random thing here.
And let me just keep quiet.
Remember?
As you can see, it is 256 Beats is blowing in this disco 56.
Let me run this again.
What I want to show you, I want to show you why I use secure random algorithm.
Not randomly changing the key keys should not be always saying I should not always use this sim because
anyone can try this again later by.
So now you can check by me.
This is different, so we have one call which hopes to create semantic is always so.
This is my encryption key, which is I'm going to use 0:40 data.
Using that data only it will decrypt that block.
Hope you understand in the next part what I'm going to do.
Let me copy Salzman, let me show you.
He's also.
Is not the first part of the country.
So this is.
Poppy business, Amanda.
Different so we can integrate such ease using easily advanced encryption to get on with.
Also, I use security to create good random changing disguise.
So if we want to check, you can check this.
It is purely all of these six bits I'm telling about bits, he says.
For me, it's easily someone so sprinting.
And remember, I need one extremely simple binary.
Yet so you need to download this.
No, I need this also.
So.
Well, it is that thing, and at the library in this order, so you understand or in the next part.
I'm going to create a journal within them who is going to work and how it's going to increase dramatically.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.